AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/metadata_examples/metadata_examples_overview.md

# Examples: Metadata

> The following sections contain examples of metadata provided by a hypothetical FOCUS data generator called ACME to supply the required reference between the [*FOCUS datasets*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) and the schema metadata.  Data Generator implementations will vary on how the metadata is disseminated; however, the data generator's chosen metadata delivery approach should be able to support the structure represented in this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sections contain examples of metadata provided by a hypothetical FOCUS data generator called ACME to supply the required reference between the [*FOCUS dataset artifacts*](#glossary:dataset-instance-artifact) and the [Metadata](#metadata).  Data Generator implementations will vary on how the metadata is disseminated; however, the data generator's chosen metadata delivery approach should be able to support the structure represented in this example.
```

> In this example, the data generator supports delivery of FOCUS data via file export to a data storage system. It uses JSON as the format for providing the metadata. The data generator delivers data every 12 hours into a path structure described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the data generator supports delivery of *FOCUS dataset artifacts* via file export to a data storage system. It uses JSON as the format for providing the Metadata. The data generator delivers data every 12 hours into a path structure described below:
```

Author: This needs to be refined in a future version.

> 

Reviewer: Since we've introduced multiple datasets and the term *dataset artifact*, I suggest we update the tabular path overview.

**NEW:**

| Description                | Path              |
|:---------------------------|:------------------|
| Root location              | `/FOCUS`          |
| Metadata location          | `/FOCUS/metadata` |
| Dataset artifacts location | `/FOCUS/data`     |

**OLD:**

| Type of data        | Path              |
|:--------------------|:------------------|
| Export location     | `/FOCUS`          |
| Metadata location   | `/FOCUS/metadata` |
| Cost data location  | `/FOCUS/data`     |

Author: The introduction of dataset artifact is both inaccurate and confusing. We need to address is future versions.
